chore: template cleanup (#255)
paritytech/capi: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/BUG_REPORT.md

---
name: Bug
about: Identify faulty behavior
title: ""
labels: bug
---

## Bug Report

> <!-- Please search Capi's issues incase one already exists for this bug. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please search Capi's issues in case one already exists for this bug. -->
```
